bok pussel:
Dagsvandring: innan han dog, glada minnen. svampplockning.
        “Mom and dad took me and André out to pick mushrooms in the forest today! It felt like we walked for hours in the damp and cold forest moss before we found any mushrooms. But then we found a whole sea of them! Tons of them were growing in the overgrown tracks left behind by some vehicle.  
I went to pick some but slipped in the rut of the moss. I was about to cry out of frustration, but André suddenly threw himself down next to me. He told me he did it because he didn’t want me to be alone on the ground. Mom and dad just laughed at us, shaking their heads at Andrés theatrics. I love how he always makes me feel better and like I’m never alone.“


        “I was only 9 and thought you’d always be by my side. I have never felt so alone as I did after you were gone.”




Fyren Torekov: Dagen innan han dog
        “Today has been really fun! The whole family is on a trip to Torekov! André took me out to the lighthouse, it’s very old! We weren’t allowed to go up into it but the view from ground was still as amazing. We sat down on some rocks to enjoy the scenery. We talked for a while, about nothing and everything.
After a bit he pointed out a small beach which seemed to be less populated than the rest. He promised to take me there swimming tomorrow! I love spending time with him, he’s the best big brother anyone could ask for. He means the world to me.”


        “Little did I know that my world was gonna end the next day. We should’ve just gone to one of the other beaches…”
        “We should’ve realized there was a reason people kept away from that beach.”




Skolminne: Engelska lektion där de går igenom amerikanska poeter.
        “Today we learned about American poets, and there was one poem that stood out. ‘Death by water’ by T.S Eliot. It reminded me of you, and my heart hurts as memories of that day come rushing back to me. 


“ A current under sea 
Picked his bones in whispers. As he rose and fell “


I miss you André. I miss you so much my whole body aches. The world is cruel for taking you away from us. I’ve spent many nights crying in my room. But I need to be strong, for mom and dad. They miss you a lot you know? We all miss you and love you so so much. 
I hope you have found peace wherever you are. There isn’t much left down here.”






Tavel pussel sidor:


en om Eleanor och deras “vänskap”.
“I made a new friend today! She was a little scary at first but turns out she’s really nice! She plays the same games as me and she even taught me a new strategy in one of them! 


She’s kinda cute too… I love her fiery hair and deep brown eyes. I couldn’t help but stare at her when she wasn’t paying attention. Apparently she boxes a lot and oh boy u can really tell. She’s got lots of muscles… And yes I admit, I did look for a six pack. And yes she does have one. 


ANYWAYS, I’m just glad to have made a new friend :D We’re gonna be hanging out again soon! Can’t wait to spend more time with her :D”