Dialog Manus Eleanor


Eleanor:                 “Wait… am I? … Home? No can’t be?”


                        Eleanor interagerar med spisen

Eleanor                 “There is something in there?”

                        *Open oven?* (yes/no)
                        (No): “I don’t really care about an oven.”
                        (yes): “Who putts a painting in the oven?”


                        Eleanor interagerar med handfatet.
                        
Eleanor:                “That’s weird… There’s no water coming from the tap.”

                        Fönster:
                        “This damn window, why won’t you open?! And why is it that I can see                        Angela in the mirror and not in the window? What is this place?”

                        Mattan:
                        “Is this really home before the fire? How? Why?”


Stolar:
“Nah, I don’t feel like sitting down right now.”



        Försöker öppna dörren innan puzzlet är löst:
        “Why can I not open ANYTHING to get to Angela?”
        *Sparkar på dörren*

        Försöker öppna dörren innan Angela har löst sitt puzzel:
        “Something is missing…“
        *Sparkar på dörren*

        Blommor: 
“The only flowers I’ve ever gotten was from angela on valentines day. She also gave me a valentine card that read ‘From your not-so-secret bestie, A <3’. She’s so cheesy sometimes.”
        “I had to hide them from mom when i got home.”


Tegelväggen:
“I miss the brick wall we had in the old house. It had good memories to it.”


tavlor: “why are these on the floor?” 
        boxning-tavla:
        Deltagare pris, en ung Eleanor med sina föräldrar och förstapriset.
        “Mom actually smiled here, and it wasn’t malicious at all. Dad was so excited about me getting a prize. It was just a participation award but dad made it feel like I had won the biggest prize in the world.”
                “It’s was a long time ago boxing actually made me happy.”
        Dörr med rök:
        Under branden var Eleanor instängd i sitt rum, utan någon aning att branden var i full gång. Därför är denna tavlan på hennes dörr där röken tar sig in genom springorna.
        “I hated that day. Why did you have to run in after me? Just.. why? Maybe you could’ve prevented mom from getting bad.” 
mamman:
En bild på mamman med cigg i handen, står ute på en balkong. Man kan även se någon typ av alkohol flaska.
        “I remember that day after the funeral. Mom refused to look at me. I can’t believe she screamed ‘I wished it was you who died’ to me.. Do you even miss me mom? Are you even alive today?”