Dagbokssidor Eleanor Bokpussel


Dagbokssida 1: (EJ KLAR)
Paris resan


Eleanors dagbokssida 2:


Damn it. Yes I’m finally writing in this shit again, bc I don’t know where else to turn.
The only riches I have left is anger. That was the only thing I could feel when I won today. If dad is seeing us right now... He took all the good and then left all the bad behind. I wish I was dead and he was the one alive.
And mom, she is no help either, it feels like she is fading away and i can’t fucking do anything about it. She doesn't even look at me anymore! It is like she is a stranger living in my moms body.
And boxing… I don’t know if I’m doing that for me or for dad. I won yesterday. I won. And I had no one to call, no one really in the audience that cared about my win. If I would ask mom to come, what if she said ‘no’. or worse, what if she said ‘yes’.


Dagbokssida 3:


Everything is falling apart. It still feels like i don’t know what is actually happening. She had one of those guys over today. One moment I was putting down the pizza in front of them on the table, the next mom grabs my arm and the guy tells her to stub out her cig on my arm and she does. The burning sensation runs through my entire arm. It hurt like hell. I will never smoke a single cigarette in my entire life. And if i stay here, she will be the death of me.”


Dagbokssida 4: (EJ KLAR)
It is so hard to meet her.   gardiner 

Utkast av det som stod, skrevs och inte kom med:

Today was my first real fight after dad died. It felt… wrong. Mom was of no help either, it feels like she’s fading away. I can’t reach her anymore. I don’t know who she is now. 
I don’t know who I am either. 
Is this my dream? Or was it his? Bc I won, but I had no one there. I had no one to call after to tell that I won. Alone. Always alone. Sure my coach was there, but it is not the same. And I would never dare to ask mom if she would want to come, she would say no or worse she would say yes just to find a way to hurt me.