Dagbokssidor Eleanor


Dagbokssida 1:
Paris resan


Eleanors dagbokssida 2:


Damn it. Yes I’m finally writing in this shit again, bc I don’t know where else to turn.
The only riches I have left is anger. That was the only thing I could feel when I won today. If dad is seeing us right now... He took all the good and then left all the bad behind. I wish I was dead and he was the one alive.
And mom, she is no help either, it feels like she is fading away and i can’t fucking do anything about it. She doesn't even look at me anymore! It is like she is a stranger living in my moms body.
And boxing… I don’t know if I’m doing that for me or for dad. I won yesterday. I won. And I had no one to call, no one really in the audience that cared about my win. If I would ask mom to come, what if she said ‘no’. or worse, what if she said ‘yes’.


Dagbokssida 3:


Everything is falling apart. It still feels like i don’t know what is actually happening. She had one of those guys over today. One moment I was putting down the pizza in front of them on the table, the next mom grabs my arm and the guy tells her to stub out her cig on my arm and she does. [a]The burning sensation runs through my entire arm. It hurt like hell. I will never smoke a single cigarette in my entire life. And if i stay here, she will be the death of me.”


Dagbokssida 3 alternativ 2:

Everything is falling apart. 


Dagbokssida 4:
It is so hard to meet her.   gardiner 

Dagbokssida 5, Being with Angela:
I know I haven’t written in this in a while, but something good actually has happened. I made a friend. That sounds lame… But we started talking a few days ago and have been hanging out quite a bit. She is so nice and calm. Like she have this calm soft aura around her. It feels good to be talking to someone who doesn't know anything about me or … well mom. 

I told her about the match tonight, she asked if she could come and see. I said yes, but I feeling like I'm going to be sick, bc that’s mean she will acually see me fight. What if she doesn’t wanna be my friend anymore after. Why did I say yes?

Damn it, neighbor's dog is barking again. I don’t know if mom was serious when she said she gonna put treats with rat poison in their mailbox, but gonna go over and talk to them before I change and get my ass to the match.


