Dialog Manus Eleanor
 
RUM 1
 
Speglen första interagerar (framtvingat event?)
Kontext: Eleanor är den spelaren börjar hos. Spelaren ska börja med att få alternativ att knacka på spegeln som visar Angela på andra sidan.


Eleanor:
“Where am I? What’s going on?”
*knock on window?* (yes/no)
“Angela? You there? Can you hear me?”
 
*It looks as if Angela is frozen for a second and then she turns towards the mirror.*
 
Angela:
“Eleanor! Oh thank goodness, you’re okay!”
 
Eleanor:
“Who cares about me, I’ve been through worse. How are you? Are you okay?”
 
Angela:
“Who cares? I care! I’m doing fine now that I know you are fine.”
 
Tystnad
*…*
 
Angela:
“I think we need to look around to see if we can find a way to each other.”
 
Eleanor:
“Fuck that, I’m coming over.”


*Bonk!*


”Damn this mirror!”


(Kan det stå text?: “Pick upp” med pil ner)


Eleanor slänger en mugg genom fönstret.


Angela:
”Okay? That was very thought out and weird. Let’s look around.”
 
Om spelaren går till spegeln igen:
”I’ve already talked to Angela, I should look around.”
 
Kontext: Spelaren i Eleanors barndomskök innan branden.
 
Eleanor:
“Wait… am I? … Home? No can’t be?”
 
Eleanor interagerar med spisen


Eleanor
“There’s something in there?”


*Open oven?* (yes/no)
(No): “I don’t really care about an oven.”
(yes): “Who putts a painting in the oven?”
*Painting in oven, take it?*
(No): “I better leave it.”
(Yes): “Not going to let that start a fire… again.”
 
Eleanor interagerar med handfatet.
                                                                     
Eleanor:
“That’s weird… There’s no water coming from the tap.”


Fönster första gången:
“Fire? Why is it burning? Is Angela okay!?”
                                                                     
Tillbaka vid spegel:
“Angela? It is not burning in there. I don’t understand.”


Fönster andra gången:
“As long as it stays there … I guess.”


Tegelväggen:
“I miss the brick wall we had in the old house. It had good memories to it.”


Mattan:
“I remember running in and gliding on this mat.”
 
Stolar:
“Nah, I don’t feel like sitting down right now.”
 
Eleanors mammas kruka med cigg:
“It evens smell like her kind of cigg.”
                          
Gardinerna
“Oh I remember those curtains! I used to whirl myself in to them as a kid. Hide behind them. Mom didn’t really buy curtains after…”
“I need to figure how to get to Angela, not be stuck in the past.”
 
Kodlåset
“Keypad? This place is getting more stupid every step I take.”


*Use keypad*
(Yes): “You better work.”
(No): No, I still need to know something.”
*Fel kod*
“Wrong? No, you are wrong stupid device!”


Eleanor spegel efter interagerat med kodlås:
“Do you have some kind of code panel?”


Angela svarar:
“Yes, that means there has to be a code? You see any?”


Försöker öppna dörren innan puzzlet är löst:
“Studip door, open up!”
*Sparkar på dörren*


Försöker öppna dörren innan Angela har löst sitt puzzel:
“Something is missing…“
*Sparkar på dörren*


Blommor: 
“The only flowers I’ve ever gotten was from Angela on valentine’s day. She also gave me a valentine card that read ‘From your not-so-secret bestie, A <3’. She’s so cheesy sometimes.”
“I had to hide them from mom when I got home.”
 
tavlor:
“why are these on the floor?” 
 
boxning-tavla:
Deltagare pris, en ung Eleanor med sina föräldrar och förstapriset.
“Mom actually smiled here, and it wasn’t malicious at all. Dad was so excited about me getting a prize. It was just a participation award but dad made it feel like I had won the biggest prize in the world.”
“It’s was a long time ago boxing actually made me happy.”


Dörr med rök:
Under branden var Eleanor instängd i sitt rum, utan någon aning att branden var i full gång. Därför är denna tavlan på hennes dörr där röken tar sig in genom springorna.
“I hated that day. Why did you have to run in after me? Just... why? Maybe you could’ve prevented mom from getting bad.” 


mamman:
En bild på mamman med cigg i handen, står ute på en balkong. Man kan även se någon typ av alkohol flaska.
“I remember that day after the funeral. Mom refused to look at me. I can’t believe she screamed ‘I wished it was you who died’ to me... Do you even miss me mom? Are you even alive today?”


RUM 2


Eleanor:
“This starting to get even more creepy, this is my bedroom in my apartment.”


Speglen Eleanor:
“Angela? Did you also come in to a new room?”


Speglen Angela:
“Yeah, this is starting to get more and more confusing.”
 
Soffbordet
Eleanor:
“Angela’s dad gave me the bedside table when he and Angela’s mom switched out theirs.”


Sängen
Eleanor:
“Looks just how I left it. Pillows under the window to keep away the cold air.”


Fönstret:
“Still fire… This is a cruel trick.”


Klistermärken på väggen bredvid fönstret:
”Angela put those up, she said that if I don’t planning on getting anything on the walls then she is going to add random stickers. I like that.”


Mat hissen:
“Ehh what is this? This shit doesn’t belong here.”
 
Boxningsäcken:
“Punching you Hamlet, it wouldn’t help right now.”


Lådan med pappans saker:
“I still have stuff to go through in that box, luckily mom don’t know I took it.”
 
Bokhyllan:
“Prizes and my helmet and … books? I don’t own any books? And again with that pot. Like the smell, it keeps showing up.”


 Planschen på dörren ifall spelaren inte har löst bokpuzzlet:
”The greatest movie ever made.”
 
Böcker dialog:


En sida faller ut:
”Oh something fell out?”


Andra sidan faller ut:
”Shit another page.”


Tredje sidan ramlar ut:
“I should have catch that the third time.”


Gitarr dagbok:
”This might be Angela’s?” I kind of get my feeling that day now. Angela is the best part in my life.”


Angelas Skolminne dagbok: Engelska lektion där de går igenom amerikanska poeter:


Eleanor:
“She is talking to him… telling him how much she misses him … She once told me she wants that quote on a painting, but I told her that it might just bring her back to that sadness every time she saw it. Maybe I was wrong?”
 
Cigg dagbok:
“I didn’t know that that day was only the beginning of that behavior, that I would be caring those scars for so long. I wonder if she ever regretted driving me away?”

Försöker öppna dörr 2 innan puzzlet är löst:
“Why can I not open ANYTHING to get to Angela?”
*Sparkar på dörren*

Böckerna på plats:
"Finally something right."

Nycklen i mathissen:
"A key! Yes! Maybe I can get to Angela now?"

Dörren öppnas:
"Angela!?"


Borttaget:
Fönster:
“This damn window, why won’t you open?! And why is it that I can see
Angela in the mirror and not in the window? What is this place?”
 
”Thirds the charm.”